Plan:
 - Death of God (Nietzsche [specifically, "The Gay Science"], Dostoyevsky [specifically, "Crime and Punishment"])
 - Its implications (however, mentioned above too)

Ultimately, I aim for this essay to be very practical. Despite its topic being very abstract and seemingly divorced from day-to-day reality, it is only so because of how seeped it is in practicality. The question of morality -- how should I act? -- addresses literaly everything we people do, have done, and ever will do. And in order to embrace that, to look at "right action" as a whole, an abstract stance must be taken. So, reader, when you read through this essay bear in mind that, in a sense, this aims to be one of the most practical things you will ever read. 

Given such a realistic mindset, a very legitimate question when faced with this essay is "why should I care?". "I'm not a complete idiot", you might object. "My life's going just fine, thank you very much. I don't need to be told how to behave". And that might be a perfectly valid point; if you're God incarnate, then maybe you do have nothing you could possibly do better. But realistically speaking (and I'm being serious here) we have no idea how much better the world would be if everyone straightened themselves out more, even by just a fraction. 

But more importantly, although the ideas in this essay are meant to be implementable, this isn't a self-help book. This is far more unspecific, abstract, and deep. And so is the primary reason for me writing this. 

The way I see it, western society is greatly imbalanced. In its hurried pursuit for scientific progress and its fruits, it has lost sight of the bigger picture. There are two types of knowledge that people need to have: knowledge concerned with what there *is*; and knowledge concerned with what there *ought to be*. 
The former details objective, scientific world, devoid from subjectivity. Despite how incredibly crucial this knowledge can be, we're quick to forget that, when you strip out all subjectivity, you strip out what makes us human. This might seem like a trivial point, but I'll elaborate on this why this is crucial shortly. 
The latter -- what there ought to be -- lays out a much richer and deeper world: a world of purpose. There aren't any cold, lifeless objects here: there are tools, full of meaning and vividity. This is the world of myth and religion, where, despite not being able to give an account of what objectively exists, they describe a world where everything has a level of meaning to it. And just like, no matter how good lettuce might be for you, if you ate a diet purely of lettuce you'd get ill in a matter of days; so will the mind, despite how useful science can be, fall sick very quickly without it being rooted in a world of unscientific meaning and morality. 

Having heard that, the question you might be wanting to ask right now is, why can't science give us this purpose? Imagine a doctor trying to cure cancer (which is no doubt a purely scientific endeavour). If something this doctor might have to do first is research how stem cells behave, then they've now been given a goal. To that, I say yes, science can occasionally tell us that to get from one of our goals to another, we need to do X, or W, X, Y and Z. However, this is rarely the case with most people's goals. The more important and deeper they are -- take "I want to act like a better person", for example -- the less science in its current state can offer a good answer to them. 
Moreover, pure science can't guide you to whether the goals you're already concerned about ought to be pursued. This time, imagine that you're the Prime Minister, trying to decide how the Government's budget should be spent. Science could tell you that, say, 30% of students are failing secondary school and 10% of hospitals are overcrowded, but to answer the important question of which one ought to be favoured over the other, is outside of science's domain. 



<This bit can come later. Needs setting up>
Nietzsche famously observed the demise of religion almost 150 years ago in his book "The Gay Science". Through his character of the madman, Nietzsche proclaims: "Where is God? I'll tell you! We have killed him -- you and I!". Many people read this as a triumphant battle cry, but for the genius, this was a wail of horror and lament. "What were we doing when we unchained this earth from its sun? Are we not continually falling? Is there still an up and a down? Aren't we straying as though through an infinite nothing?". Nietzsche noticed that our society -- all societies, in fact -- are, at their core, deeply rooted in religion. And, for the scientific mind to start to 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Bibliography: 
  - Prim: "The Gay Science" (http://www.holybooks.com/wp-content/uploads/The-Gay-Science-by-Friedrich-Nietzsche.pdf)
  - Sec: "Dostoyevsky and the Problem of God"
 (http://community.middlebury.edu/~beyer/courses/previous/ru351/studentpapers/God.shtml)
