8th July:   Now that I have a lot more free time to start working on the EPQ, I plan to allot 90 minutes each day before lunch to it. I will aim to finish each of my 4 sections per week, allowing the final week of my summer holidays to go over my work and refine it. On reflection, the work I previously did was not relevant and focused on the title, due to my inability to dedicate much time and effort to it. I will restart from scratch, having learned the importance of keeping focused on the title. 

In the past, I listened to University lectures from Prof. Jordan Peterson from Toronto, which inspired this EPQ. I will continue doing this every weekday on the train to and from the gym, however, I will broaden my knowledge by listening to people questioning him in debates, and thinkers who take a different attitude to myth and religion. 

To write this, I will continue storing this EPQ on GitHub, because it easily shows you the history of the project you're working on. This will make showing evidence for my progress a lot easier. It's also easy to set up, free, and I already have an account for it. The only issue is that the content on it is publicly available. I'm not very comfortable with anyone online seeing unfinished, untidy versions of this, but I'll have to put up with that. The benefits greatly outweigh that cost. 

GitHub also allows me to post comments of my work once I've uploaded a new version. This will be useful, as it gives me an opportunity to easily assess my day's work, think of things I did well, and ways to improve. I plan to use this feature with every new version. 

8th July continued: To help break down the seemingly massive task of writing this EPQ, I will break down each week's section into five or so subsections, which should have an average of 250 words each. Each day will be focused on completing one subsection. If they are completed early, any remaining days can be spent improving previous work or research. This should make the process far more focued and less daunting, limiting how much I am put off and making it easier for me to not procrastinate. 

14th July: On reflection on what I had wrote in my EPQ last time, my last comment, "how could it be any different?" was a poor attempt to hide the fact that I, although have acquired this idea from a reputable source, could not now find it. This is an issue, and simply claiming ideas to be self-evident (although they did seem self-evident to me, since I have read the source) is not a proper solution. The majority of the ideas from this EPQ were aquired from Jordan B. Peterson's book, Maps of Meaning. I will therefore re-read the book and make note of all the sources that may be useful to me. The book is a difficult read, however, and this will take time; I will no doubt overrun to over the Summer Holiday as a result. I will read an average of 26 pages a day for two weeks (for I doubt I can read more than that a day and still give the book dedicated attention). This will remove two weeks' worth of time from my schedule, but it will be a lot easier once this is done. 
However, I will be careful of simply absorbing the ideas without criticism. For every key point he references, I will try to find objections to the references. I will list each key point, with at least one objection (if I can find one), and then my personal view on it, in a new document. This will make it a lot easier to synthesise his questioned work into my EPQ. 
